feat: Add npm publish with tags to match-lms-release (#6)
Brightspace/lms-version-actions: match-lms-release/README.md

[Learn how to set up the D2L_GITHUB_TOKEN...](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/actions/blob/main/docs/branch-protection.md)

## Release Increments

The first commit made during any given LMS release will update the Major and/or Minor versions to match the LMS version provided. Other commits during the same LMS release will trigger patch releases.

Pull requests merged into maintenance branches created by the action (ex: `release/2022.2.x`) or named for a minor version (ex: `1.7.x`) or major version (ex: `1.x`) will trigger patch releases for the maintenance branch version.

## NPM Package Deployment

If you'd like the action to deploy your package to NPM, set the `NPM` option to `true`.

NPM deployments for maintenance branches (ex: `release/2022.2.x`, `1.7.x`, or `1.x`) will be annotated with a tag corresponding to the branch version (ex: `release-2022.2.x`, `release-1.7.x`, or `release-1.x`). All other deployments will use NPM's default tag of `latest`.

### CodeArtifact

> To publish to CodeArtifact, ensure that prior to running the `incremental-release` step that the [add-registry](https://github.com/Brightspace/codeartifact-actions/tree/main/npm) and the [get-authorization-token](https://github.com/Brightspace/codeartifact-actions/tree/main/get-authorization-token) steps have been run.

Reviewer: Should this be `match-lms-release` not `incremental-release`?

Reviewer: Might be good to directly include an example of this as well similar to what you did with NPM

```yml
- name: Get CodeArtifact authorization token
  uses: Brightspace/codeartifact-actions/get-authorization-token@main
  env:
    AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID: ${{secrets.AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID}}
    AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY: ${{secrets.AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY}}
    AWS_SESSION_TOKEN: ${{secrets.AWS_SESSION_TOKEN}}
- name: Add CodeArtifact npm registry
  uses: Brightspace/codeartifact-actions/npm/add-registry@main
  with:
    auth-token: ${{env.CODEARTIFACT_AUTH_TOKEN}}
```

Author: 😄 you caught me copy-pasting the old docs @dlockhart had sent me...

Author: @devpow112 I've been doing some work in this area, and noticed the `env` in `auth-token: ${{env.CODEARTIFACT_AUTH_TOKEN}}`. Just wanted to confirm with you - is this correct, or should it be `secrets.CODEARTIFACT_AUTH_TOKEN` (or does it not matter)?

Thanks!

Reviewer: Since the snippet is intended for when you want to write to code artifact it is correct. After the execution of `Brightspace/codeartifact-actions/get-authorization-token@main` there is a **read/write** token in the environment variable `CODEARTIFACT_AUTH_TOKEN` the `secrets.CODEARTIFACT_AUTH_TOKEN` is **read-only** and won't work in this case. Mainly the `secrets.CODEARTIFACT_AUTH_TOKEN` is only used when doing things like CI tests we you only need **read**

> To publish to CodeArtifact, ensure that prior to running the `incremental-release` step that the [add-registry](https://github.com/Brightspace/codeartifact-actions/tree/main/npm) and the [get-authorization-token](https://github.com/Brightspace/codeartifact-actions/tree/main/get-authorization-token) steps have been run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To publish to CodeArtifact, ensure that prior to running the `match-lms-release` step that the [add-registry](https://github.com/Brightspace/codeartifact-actions/tree/main/npm) and the [get-authorization-token](https://github.com/Brightspace/codeartifact-actions/tree/main/get-authorization-token) steps have been run.
```

### NPM

Setup Node with the `registry-url` option:

```yml
- name: Setup Node
  uses: Brightspace/third-party-actions@actions/setup-node
    with:
     registry-url: 'https://registry.npmjs.org'

> ```

Reviewer: The npm default registry should be setup by default so the `registry-url:` parts of this example are probably not needed.

Reviewer 2: [This doc](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/publishing-packages/publishing-nodejs-packages) shows them, but yeah if they're not needed then that's awesome.

Reviewer: Yeah `BrightspaceUI/core` doesn't specify them and it works. Maybe that's handled by semantic release but I don't think so
https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/core/blob/main/.github/workflows/release.yml#L17-L20

Then pass through the `NPM_TOKEN` secret.

```yml
- name: Incremental Release

>   uses: BrightspaceUI/actions/incremental-release@main

Reviewer: Should this be `Brightspace/lms-version-actions` not `incremental-release`?

>   uses: BrightspaceUI/actions/incremental-release@main

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  uses: BrightspaceUI/actions/match-lms-release@main
```

Reviewer: I think you meant `Brightspace/lms-version-actions` instead of `BrightspaceUI/actions/match-lms-release`
